Before using iPhone, review the iPhone User Guide  at  
support.apple.com/guide/iphone . Retain documentation  
for future reference.
Safety and Handling
See “Safety, handling and support” in the iPhone User Guide .
Exposure to Radio Frequency
On iPhone, go to Settings > General > Legal & Regulatory >  
RF Exposure. Or go to apple.com/uk/legal/rfexposure .
Battery and Charging
An iPhone battery should only be repaired by a trained technician  
to avoid battery damage, which could cause overheating, fire or  
injury. Batteries should be recycled or disposed of separately from 
household waste and according to local environmental laws and 
guidelines. For information about Apple lithium-ion batteries  
and battery service and recycling, go to apple.com/uk/batteries/
service-and-recycling . For information about charging, see  
“Important safety information” in the iPhone User Guide.
Lasers
The proximity sensor and the TrueDepth camera system contain one 
or more lasers. These laser systems may be disabled for safety 
reasons if the device is damaged or malfunctions. If you receive a 
notification on your iPhone that the laser system is disabled, you 
should always have it repaired by Apple or an authorised service 
provider. Improper repair, modification or use of non-genuine Apple 
components in the laser systems may prevent the safety mechanisms 
from functioning properly, and could cause hazardous exposure and 
injury to eyes or skin.
Hearing Aid Compatibility (HAC)
Go to support.apple.com/en-gb/HT202186  or see “Hearing devices”  
in the iPhone User Guide .
Avoid Hearing Damage
To prevent possible hearing damage, do not listen at high volume 
levels for long periods. More information about sound and hearing  
is available online at apple.com/uk/sound  and in “Important safety 
information” in the iPhone User Guide .
Medical Device Interference
iPhone contains magnets as well as components and/or radios that 
may interfere with medical devices. See “Important safety information” 
in the iPhone User Guide .
Regulatory
Regulatory certification information is available on device. Go to 
Settings > General > Legal & Regulatory. Additional regulatory 
information is in “Safety, handling and support” in the  
iPhone User Guide .
FCC and ISED Canada Compliance
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules and ISED Canada 
licence-exempt RSS standard(s). Operation is subject to the following 
two conditions: (1) this device may not cause harmful interference, 
and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including 
interference that may cause undesired operation.
EU / UK Compliance
Apple Inc. hereby declares that this wireless device is in compliance 
with Directive 2014/53/EU and Radio Equipment Regulations 2017.  
A copy of the Declaration of Conformity is available at apple.com/
euro/compliance . Apple’s EU representative is Apple Distribution 
International Ltd., Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Cork, Ireland. Apple’s UK 
representative is Apple UK Ltd., 2 Furzeground Way, Stockley Park, 
Middlesex, UB11 1BB.
        
Use Restriction
Frequency Maximum Power
GSM 900 < 35.0dBm
GSM 1800 < 32.0dBm
3G (All Bands) < 25.7dBm
LTE (1, 3, 7, 8, 20, 28, 38, 40, 42) < 25.7dBm
LTE/5GNR (41, 77, 78) < 28.7dBm
13.56 MHz < 42dBµA/m @ 10m
360 kHz < -15dBµA/m @ 10m
6.0 - 8.5 GHz (UWB) < 0dBm/50 MHz
1610 - 1 626.5 MHz < 27.5dBm
2.4 GHz < 100mW
5.150 - 5.250 GHz < 200mW
5.250 - 5.350 GHz -  
Use Restriction< 200mW
5.470 - 5.725 GHz < 200mW
5.725 - 5.875 GHz < 25mW
Use Restriction: This device is restricted to indoor use. This 
restriction applies in: AT, BE, BG, CH, CY, CZ, DE, DK, EE, EL, ES, FI, 
FR, HR, HU, IE, IS, IT, LI, LT, LU, LV, MT, NL, NO, PL, PT, RO, SE, SI, 
SK, TR, UK(NI).
CLASS 1 CONSUMER LASER PRODUCT
EN 50689:2021
Disposal and Recycling Information
The symbol above means that according to local laws and regulations, 
your product and/or its battery shall be disposed of separately from 
household waste. When this product reaches its end of life, take it  
to a collection point designated by local authorities. The separate 
collection and recycling of your product and/or its battery at the  
time of disposal will help conserve natural resources and ensure  
that it is recycled in a manner that protects human health and the 
environment. For information about Apple’s recycling programme, 
recycling collection points, restricted substances and other 
environmental initiatives, visit apple.com/uk/environment .
Class 1 Laser Information
This device is classified as a Class 1 Laser product per IEC 60825-1 
Ed. 3. This device complies with 21 CFR 1040.10 and 1040.11, except 
for conformance with IEC 60825-1 Ed. 3., as described in Laser Notice 
No. 56, dated 8 May 2019. Caution: This device contains one or  
more lasers. Use other than as described in the user guide, repair  
or disassembly may cause damage, which could result in hazardous 
exposure to infrared laser emissions that are not visible. This 
equipment should be serviced by Apple or an authorised  
service provider.
CLASS 1 LASER PRODUCT
Apple One-Year Limited Warranty Summary
Apple warrants the included hardware product and accessories 
against defects in materials and workmanship for one year from  
the date of original retail purchase. Apple does not warrant against 
normal wear and tear, nor damage caused by accident or abuse.  
To obtain service, call Apple or visit an Apple Store or an Apple 
Authorised Service Provider — available service options are dependent 
on the country in which service is requested and may be restricted to 
the original country of sale. Call charges and international shipping 
charges may apply, depending on the location. Subject to the full 
terms and detailed information on obtaining service available at  
apple.com/uk/legal/warranty  and support.apple.com/en-gb , if you 
submit a valid claim under this warranty, Apple will either repair, 
replace or refund your hardware device at its own discretion. Warranty 
benefits are in addition to rights provided under local consumer laws. 
You may be required to furnish proof of purchase details when making 
a claim under this warranty.
For Australian Consumers: Our goods come with guarantees that 
cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. You are 
entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure and for 
compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage. 
You are also entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the 
goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not  
amount to a major failure. Apple Pty Ltd, PO Box A2629,  
Sydney South, NSW 1235. Tel: 133-622.
For EU Consumers: Apple means Apple Distribution International Ltd., 
Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Cork, Ireland. Consumers might have 
remedies free of charge against the seller in the event of a lack of 
conformity, which are not affected by this warranty.
© 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone 
and TrueDepth are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US 
and other countries and regions. Apple Store is a service mark of 
Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries and regions. 
Printed in XXXX.  B034-05987-A
